# Page 91 Column 1
a&embk iambic
is ice
isberg iceberg
iskrem icecream
is^k icicle
ikklas iconoclast
ade idea
adel ideal
adelsm idealism
adeles idealist
adel^st idealistic
ade^l ideality
adelezsh idealization
adeliz idealize
adn^k identical
adn^f identification
adntf identify
adn-te identity
edose idiocy
edem idiom
edem^a idiomatic
edo-senk idiosyncrasy
edot idiot
adl idle
adln idleness
adlr idler

# Page 91 Column 2
ade idly
idol idol
idolat idolatrous
idolatre idolatry
idl idyl
ef if
egni ignite
egnitb ignitible
egnsh ignition
egno^b ignobility
egnob ignoble
egnomn ignominous
egnomne ignominy
egnram ignoramus
eg ignorance
eg ignorant
egnor ignore
el ill
eleg illegal
eleg^l illegality
elej^b illegibility
elej illegible
elejtm illegitimate
eleber illiberal
elest illicit
elemet illimitable
ele^se illiteracy
ele^t illiterate

# Page 91 Column 3
eln illness
eloj illogical
? elumnat illuminate
? elumnsh illumination
? elumnatr illuminator
? elumn illumine
? elsh illusion
? elusv illusive
elus illustrate
elus illustration
elus^v illustrative
elustrus illustrious
elustrusn illustriousness
emaj image
emaj^b imaginable
emaj^re imaginary
emaj imagination
emaj^v imaginative
emaj imagine
mbesel imbecile
mbes^l imbecility
mbib imbibe
mbeu imbue
emetb imitable
emeta imitate
emetsh imitation
emetatv imitative

# Page 92 Column 1
emak^u immaculate
ema^l immaterial
ema^l immateriality
ematr immature
emeshu^b immeasurability
emeshub immeasurable
eme immediate
eme immediately
emmorl immemorial
emns immense
emnste immensity
? emej immerge
emers immerse
emersh immersion
? emeg immigrant
? emeg immigrate
? emegsh immigration
? emns imminence
? emn imminent
emobl immobile
emo^b immobility
emod immoderate
emodes immodest
emorl immoral
emor^l immorality
emotl immortal
emot^l immortality
emu^b immovable

# Page 92 Column 2
emu^nt immunity
emur immure
emutb immutable
mpak impact
mpar impair
mpalp impalpable
mpanl impanel
mpt impart
mparsh impartial
mparsh^l impartiality
mparsha| impartially
mpasb impassable
mpash^b impassibility
mpashat impassionate
mpash^t impassioned
mpasv impassive
mpashns impatience
mpasht impatient
mpech impeach
mpechb impeachable
mpechm impeachment
mpek impeccable
mpkeun impecunious
mped impede
mpdem impediment
mpdema impedimenta
mpl impel

# Page 92 Column 3
mpnd impend
mpntr^b impenetrability
mpntrb impenetrable
mpnetn impenitent
mpe~tv imperative
mprsep^b imperceptibility
mprsep imperceptible
mprf imperfect
mprfsh imperfection
mperl imperial
mprl imperil
mperus imperious
mperusn imperiousness
mperesh imperishable
mprmn impermanent
mprs) impersonal
mprs)nat impersonate
mprs)nsh impersonation
mpe~tns impertinence
mpe~tn impertinent
mpe~t^b imperturbability
mpe~tb imperturbable
mprvus impervious
mpt^s) impetuosity
mptuus impetuous
mptus impetus
mpite impiety

# Page 93 Column 1
mpenj impinge
mpus impious
mplak^b implacability
mplak implacable
mplant implant
mplem implement
mplek implicate
mpleksh implication
mplest implicit
mplr implore
mpli imply
mpoli impolite
mpol^a impolitic
mpor import
mp importance
mp important
mporsh importation
mporr importer
mportnat importunate
mportn importune
mpo impose
mposh imposition
mpos^b impossibility
mpos impossible
mpostr impostor
mpotnse impotency
mpotn impotent
mpov impoverish

# Page 93 Column 2
mprkt^b impracticability
mprktb impracticable
mprk^k impractical
mprek imprecate
mpreg^b impregnability
mpreg impregnable
mpregnsh impregnation
mpresare-o impresario
mpres impress
mpresb impressible
mpresh impression
mpreshb impressionable
mpresv impressive
mprent imprint
mpresn imprison
mpresm imprisonment
mpr^b improbability
mprb improbable
mprmtu impromptu
mprpr improper
mprpri impropriety
mpr^b improvable
mpr improvement
mprvdn improvident
mprvis improvise
mprudns imprudence
mprudn imprudent

# Page 93 Column 3
mpudns impudence
mpudn impudent
mpeun impugn
mpls impulse
mplsv impulsive
mpu^nt impunity
mpeu impure
mp^r impurity
mpush imputation
mpu impute
en^b inability
enakss^b inaccessibility
enakss inaccessible
enakrse inaccuracy
enakra inaccurate
enaksh inaction
enakv inactive
enak^v inactivity
enadekse inadequacy
enadek inadequate
enavtnse inadvertency
enavtn inadvertent
enalen inalienable
enan inane
enanem inanimate
enansh inanition
en^nt inanity

# Page 94 Column 1
enaplek inapplicable
enap inapt
enaptet inaptitude
ena~tek^u inarticulate
nsmch inasmuch
enatnsh inattention
enatntv inattentive
enodb inaudible
enog inaugurate
nbon inborn
nbn inbound
n-kal incalculable
n-kdes incandescent
n-ktsh incantation
n-kap incapable
n-kapas incapacitate
n-kap^s) incapacity
n-krsera incarcerate
n-krnat incarnate
n-krnsh incarnation
n-koshus incautious
n-sendrsm incendiarism
n-sendre incendiary
n-sens incense
n-sn-tv incentive
nsepsh inception
nsep-tv inceptive

# Page 94 Column 2
nse~tet incertitude
nssnt incessant
nch inch
nsdn-t incident
nsdn-tl incidental
nsepent incipient
nsesh incision
nsis incisive
nsi incite
nsv^l incivility
e^mnse inclemency
e^m inclement
e^nsh inclination
e^n incline
e^nd inclined
n-k inclose
n-k^r inclosure
e^d include
e^sh inclusion
e^sv inclusive
n-kneto incognito
n-knesb incognizable
n-knesns incognizance
n-korense incoherency
n-korent incoherent
n-km income
n-kmnshub incommensurable

# Page 94 Column 3
n-kmod incommode
n-kprb incomparable
n-kptb incompatible
n-kptnse incompetency
n-kptn incompetent
n-kp incomplete
n-kprens^b incomprehensibility
n-kprens incomprehensible
n-kpresb incompressible
n-kse inconceivable
n-kkv inconclusive
n-kgrute incongruity
n-kgrus incongruous
n-ksek inconsequent
n-ks^at inconsiderate
n-kssnse inconsistency
n-kss inconsistent
n-ks(olb inconsolable
n-kspk inconspicuous
n-kstn inconstant
? n-ktes incontestable
n-ktnnt incontinent
n-kven inconvenience
n-kven inconvenient
n-krp incorporate
n-krporel incorporeal
n-kr incorrect
n-korej^b incorrigibility

# Page 95 Column 1
n-korej incorrigible
n-korp incorruptible
n-kresb increasable
n-kres increase
n-kres^e increasingly
n-kred^b incredibility
n-kredb incredible
n-kred^l incredulity
n-kredu incredulous
n-krem increment
n-kremnat incriminate
n-keuba incubator
n-kul inculcate
n-klpa inculpate
n-kmbse incumbency
n-kmb incumbent
n-kr incur
n-keu^b incurable
n-krsh incursion
n-dt^t indebted
n-dt^t-n indebtedness
ndsif indecipherable
ndsesh indecision
ndsis indecisive
ndekor indecorous
ndekorm indecorum
n-dd indeed

 # Page 95 Column 2
n-dfat^b indefatigability
n-dfat indefatigable
n-dfinb indefinable
n-dfn indefinite
n-dfnn indefiniteness
ndelb indelible
ndelek indelicate
n-dmef indemnify
n-dm^nt indemnity
n-dn-t indent
n-dn-tsh indentation
n-dn-tr indenture
ndp independence
ndp independent
ne~mnat indeterminate
ndex index
nda&'n Indian
ndek indicate
ndeksh indication
ndekv indicative
ndek^r indicator
n-dit indict
n-ditb indictable
n-dit-m indictment
n-df indifference
n-df indifferent
ndjns indigence
ndjnus indigenous
ndjnt indigent

# Page 95 Column 3
ndjes indigestion
ndeg indignant
ndegnsh indignation
ndeg^nt indignity
ndego indigo
n-drk indirect
n-drkn indirectness
nds(enb indiscernible
ndskre indiscreet
ndskresh indiscretion
ndskrem indiscriminate
ndsp^b indispensibility
ndsp indispensable
ndspo indispose
ndspu indisputable
ndsolb indissoluble
ndstn indistinct
n-dst^b indistinguishable
n-dit indite
ndv individual
ndv^l individuality
n-dvesb indivisible
ndolens indolence
ndolent indolent
ndometb indomitable
ndos indorse
ndose indorsee

# Page 96 Column 1
ndosm indorsement
ndoser indorser
ndubtb indubitable
ndus induce
ndusm inducement
nduksh induction
ndeu indue
ndlj indulge
ndlj indulgence
ndljnt indulgent
ndra indurate
ndsl industrial
ndsus industrious
nds industry
enebra&'t inebriate
enef ineffable
nfkv ineffective
nfkvn ineffectiveness
nfktl ineffectual
nfk^l ineffectuality
nfkta| ineffectually
enefkash inefficacious
enefkse inefficacy
enefesh inefficiency
enefesht inefficient
eneleg inelegant
enelej ineligible
eneku inequality

# Page 96 Column 2
ene~t inert
enersha&' inertia
ene~t-n inertness
enestmb inestimable
enevt inevitable
nesak inexact
nesaktet inexactitude
neskeu inexcusable
nesos inexhaustible
nesor^b inexorability
nesorb inexorable
nespdns inexpedience
nespdn-t inexpedient
nspe inexperience
nesplek inexplicable
nesplest inexplicit
nespr inexpressible
nfal^b infallibility
nfalb infallible
nfamus infamous
nfanse infancy
nfant infant
nfantil infantile
nfantre infantry
nfatut infatuate
nfateush infatuation
nfekshus infectious

# Page 96 Column 3
nfelestus infelicitous
nfel^s) infelicity
nfer infer
nferns inference
nferr inferior
nfer^r inferiority
nfe~nl infernal
nfes infest
nfedl infidel
nfed^l infidelity
nfeltra infiltrate
nfeltrash infiltration
nfenet infinite
nfenet-n infiniteness
nfenetes infinitesimal
nfenetv infinitive
nf^nt infinity
nfem infirm
nfemre infirmary
nf^mt infirmity
nflam inflame
nflam^b inflammability
nflamb inflammable
nflamsh inflammation
nflam^re inflammatory
nfla inflate
nflash inflation

# Page 97 Column 1
nfl inflect
nflsh inflection
nflex^b inflexibility
nflexb inflexible
nfl inflict
nf influence
nfsh influential
nflunza influenza
nflux influx
nfm inform
nfm^l informality
nfmsh information
nfme~ informer
nfraksh infraction
nfrek infrequency
nfrek infrequent
nfrenj infringe
nfrenjm infringement
nfeura&'t infuriate
nfeu infuse
njenus ingenious
njenusn ingeniousness
anshanu ingenue
njenute ingenuity
njnus ingenuous
n-glos) inglorious
engot ingot
n-gran ingrain

# Page 97 Column 2
n-grasha&'t ingratiate
n-grat ingratitude
n-gredn-t ingredient
n-gron ingrown
en'abt inhabit
en'abtn inhabitant
en'al inhale
en'a~mnus inharmonious
en'e~nt inherent
en'e~t inherit
en'e~tb inheritable
en'e~tns inheritance
en'ebt inhibit
en'ospt inhospitable
en'eumn inhuman
en'eum inhume
enem^k inimical
enemet inimitable
eneke_te iniquity
enesh initial
enesha&'t initiate
enesha&'sh initiation
eneshtv initiative
eneshtre initiatory
njk inject
njdsh injudicious
njnk injunction

# Page 97 Column 3
nju injure
nju injury
njus injuries
njuus injurious
njus-s injustice
enk ink
enkl' inkling
nlad inlaid
nland inland
nla inlay
n-mat inmate
nmo inmost
en inn
enat innate
ene~ inner
ene~mo innermost
? enervat innervate
en' inning
enos innocence
enos innocent
enok innocuous
enovat innovate
enovash innovation
enundo innuendo
eneumb innumerable
enok^u inoculate
enok^ush inoculation
enofens inoffensive
enoprtn inopportune

# Page 98 Column 1
enodn inordinate
enognek inorganic
n-kes inquest
n-ki inquire
n-ki^r inquirer
n-ka&e inquiry
n-kes-sh inquisition
n-kestv inquisitive
n-kestvn inquisitiveness
n-kestr inquisitor
nrod inroad
n-san insane
ns^nt insanity
nsashb insatiable
nskr inscribe
nskrsh inscription
nskrutb inscrutable
n-sek insect
n-sekr insecure
n-sek^r insecurity
n-sensa insensate
n-sens^b insensibility
n-sensb insensible
nsepr inseparable
nse~t insert
nsesh insertion
n-set inset

# Page 98 Column 2
nsi inside
n-sedus insidious
n-sit insight
n-segna&' insignia
n-sg insignificance
n-sg insignificant
n-sense insincere
n-sen^r insincerity
n-seneu insinuate
n-seneush insinuation
nsepd insipid
nss insist
nssnt insistent
nsolens insolence
nsolent insolent
nsolb insoluble
nsolvse insolvency
nsolvnt insolvent
nsomna&' insomnia
n-somch insomuch
nsp inspect
nspsh inspection
nsp^r inspector
nsprash inspiration
nspi inspire
nst^b instability
n-stol install
n-stolash installation

# Page 98 Column 3
n-stolm installment
ns instance
ns instant
nstnus instantaneous
ns^t instead
n-step instep
nsteg instigate
nstegsh instigation
nsteg^r instigator
n-ste~ instill
ns(tenk instinct
ns(tenk^v instinctive
ns(t institute
ns(tsh institution
ns^k instruct
ns^ksh instruction
ns^kv instructive
ns^kr instructor
ns^m instrument
ns^ml instrumental
ns^m^l instrumentality
nsodn insubordinate
nsufb insufferable
nsuf insufficient
nsulr insular
ns^u insulate
ns^ush insulation
ns^ur insulator

# Page 99 Column 1
nsu insult
ns)^b insuperable
ns)^tb insupportable
ns)^s insuppressible
nsh insure
nsh insurance
nsh^r insurer
nsejnt insurgent
nse~mn-tb insurmountable
nsereksh insurrection
n-tak intact
ntaleo intaglio
n-tnjb intangible
ntje~ integer
ntegrl integral
ntegra integrate
ntegrash integration
nteg^r integrity
n^ek intellectual
n^j intelligence
n^jnt intelligent
n^j intelligible
n-tmp intemperance
n-tmp intemperate
n-tn intend
n-tns intense
n-tnsf intensify
n-tnste intensity

# Page 99 Column 2
n-tnsv intensive
n-tn-t intent
n-tnsh intention
n-tnshl intentional
n^sed intercede
n^sep intercept
n^sesh intercession
n^ssr intercessor
n^ch interchange
n^ch^b interchangeability
n^chb interchangeable
n^kolej intercollegiate
n^kmu intercommunicate
n^krs intercourse
n^dek interdict
n^dsh interdiction
n^s) interest
n^st interested
n^st-n interestedness
n^s-s interests
n^fer interfere
n^ferns interference
n^m interim
n^or interior
n^jk interject
n^jksh interjection
n^las interlace

# Page 99 Column 3
n^lev interleave
n^lan interline
n^lok interlock
n^lopr interloper
n^lud interlude
n^med intermediate
n^m interment
n^mnb interminable
n^meng intermingle
n^msh intermission
n^metn intermittent
n^nl internal
n^nash international
n^pola interpolate
n^polash interpolation
n^po interpose
n^posh interposition
n^p interpret
n^psh interpretation
n^p^r interpreter
n^og interrogate
n^ogsh interrogation
n^ogtv interrogative
n^og^r interrogator
n^og^re interrogatory
n^up interrupt
n^upsh interruption

# Page 100 Column 1
n^sek intersect
n^seksh intersection
n^sprs intersperse
n^st interstate
n^stes interstice
n^rbn interurban
n^va interval
n^ven intervene
n^vnsh intervention
n^v interview
n^uev interweave
ntesta intestate
ntestn intestine
n-tmase intimacy
n-tmat intimate
n-tmsh intimation
n-tmedt intimidate
n-tmedsh intimidation
ntu into
ntolb intolerable
ntolns intolerance
ntolnt intolerant
n-tonat intonate
n-tonsh intonation
ntox intoxicate
ntoxsh intoxication
n^k^b intractability

# Page 100 Column 2
n^kb intractable
n^ktl intractile
nt^tv intransitive
n^nch intrench
n^pd intrepid
n^pdte intrepidity
n^kases intricacies
n^kase intricacy
n^kat intricate
n^g intrigue
n^nsk intrinsic
n^dus introduce
n^dsh introduction
n^dukre introductory
n^sp introspect
n^spsh introspection
n^sp^v introspective
n^d intrude
n^de~ intruder
n^sh intrusion
n^sv intrusive
n^st intrust
nteush intuition
nteushl intuitional
ntutv intuitive
n-n-da inundate
n-n-dsh inundation

# Page 100 Column 3
enur inure
enurm inurement
nvad invade
nvaled invalid
nvaledt invalidate
nvaledsh invalidation
nvaledsm invalidism
nvaledte invalidity
nvlb invaluable
nvarb invariable
nvash invasion
nvkv invective
nva inveigh
nvar inveigher
nvegl inveigle
nvnt invent
nvnsh invention
nvntv inventive
nvntr inventor
nvntre inventory
nve~t invert
nves invest
nvesg investigate
nvesgsh investigation
nvesg^r investigator
nvesm investment
nvetra inveterate

# Pag 101 Column 1
nvedus invidious
nvegra invigorate
nvens invincible
nvilb inviolable
nvila inviolate
nves invisible
nvtsh invitation
nvi invite
nvkash invocation
nvs invoice
nvk invoke
nvolnt involuntary
nvolsh involution
nvol involve
nvul invulnerable
n^d inward
a&eden iodine
a&ed-fm iodoform
a&eta iota
epkak ipecac
iras^b irascibility
irasb irascible
ira irate
eredes iridescence
eredes iridescent
ires iris
irsh Irish

# Page 101 Column 2
erksm irksome
in iron
in-klad ironclad
erashl irrational
erash^l irrationality
erfeut irrefutable
ereg irregular
ereg^r irregularity
erel irrelevant
e~medb irremediable
erepr^b irreparability
ereprb irreparable
erpres irrepressible
erprch irreproachable
erss irresistible
eresolut irresolute
eres^v irrespective
ersp irresponsible
er^v irretrievable
erevk irrevocable
ereg irrigate
eregsh irrigation
e~t^b irritability
e~tb irritable
e~tnt irritant
e~ta irritate

# Page 101 Column 3
e~tsh irritation
? erpsh irruption
iland island
il isle
isola isolate
isolash isolation
issles isosceles
eshuns issuance
eshu issue
esmus isthmus
t it
etaln Italian
etalk italic
eta| Italy
ech itch
atm item
atmiz itemize
etra iterate
itnrse itinerancy
itnrant itinerant
itnre itinerary
itnra itinerate
tss itself
ivre ivory
ive ivy
